== Hello Code Hacker! ==

How have you been? What brought you here?

=== 0) WWW, You and Us ===

1) The links:

[http://goo.gl/Xlsv4.qr]
[http://goo.gl/QDrMj.qr]
[http://goo.gl/Hd1CS.qr]
[http://goo.gl/lAQKP.qr]
[http://goo.gl/kplHV.qr]

=== 1) Looking for some code to use in your project? ====

==== 1.1) Try our Gists! ====

'''Go [https://gist.github.com/ravindranathakila here]'''. If you like what you see, share 'em all! If not, tell us where in comments :-)

[[#Hello_Code_Hacker|Back to Top^]]

==== 1.2) Still Unhappy? ====

Give us some time, we will update this section with a code walk through. Meanwhile maybe you'd like to '''have a look at [http://www.innowhere.com:8080/itsnat/feashow_servlet?itsnat_doc_name=feashow.main ItsNat]''' .
Make sure you'll not come back to us complaining how AWESOME ItsNat is!



[[#Hello_Code_Hacker|Back to Top^]]

=== 2) Sniffing around for some internal secrets? ===

We can help you. But who knows, we might lead you down a wrong trail ;-)
Okay, '''go [https://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/304913 here]'''. Don't tell!


=== 3) Want to find the philosophy behind this project? ===

And you thought we just built [http://www.ilikeplaces.com www.ilikeplaces.com]? No way, there's a lot of thinking, passion and belief behind it!

[[#Hello_Code_Hacker|Back to Top^]]

==== 3.1) Very Very Very Very Private Socializing On Down Town ====

'''DT is a social network hysterically focused on privacy.'''
If you want only your family to see an event(called Moments) on DT, you can do it.
If it's just friends the secrets of that moment are safe with, you can make that happen.
'''It's very very very very very private!'''

[[#Hello_Code_Hacker|Back to Top^]]

==== 3.1) Down Town knows socializing is best done offline ====

DT wants you to use the website as less as possible.
Compare that with other social networks who are hungry to keep you online to click their ads.
DT just wants you to find ways to socialize in real life.
Once you've done that, you just head out and have fun with your friends and family.
Yes you can come back to discuss stuff before and after the event.
But mostly, Down Town makes a maximum effort to chase you out to socialize.
This is why updates can be '''autoplayed'''.
If a friend updates a photo or moment talk, you are automatically send there unless you '''pause''' the autoupdate.
See? We want you to get moving fast.
'''What's more fabulous than a social network that autoplays in front of your eyes, the latest updates!'''

[[#Hello_Code_Hacker|Back to Top^]]

==== 3.3) So What Is Down Town? ====

'''You tell us the time, even if its "now" and we'll tell you the most exciting place to be!'''

[[#Hello_Code_Hacker|Back to Top^]]
