<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Privacy Policy</title>
</head>
<body>
<hr/>

<h1 class="intensity_1 bold big">Privacy Policy</h1>

<p class="intensity_2">
    Below is the Privacy Policy of iLikePlaces.com. Please read it carefully. It is written as simple as possible so
    that
    you actually READ it.
</p>


<ul class="intensity_2">
<li>What the privacy policy is for
    <ul>
        <li><p>This Privacy Policy is to assist you in understanding how this site collects, uses and safeguards your
            information provided to this site and to assist you in making informed decisions when using this site.
        </p></li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li>Introduction
    <ul>
        <li><p>Adimpression is an innovative advertising company. It strictly, deviates from traditional spammers.
            Spamming is, overload of advertisements, whether relevant or irrelevant. When you see an advertisement not
            relevant to what is on your mind, a little too often, we consider it spamming. Adimpression clearly deviates
            from that.
            <br/>

            <br/>
            Each product /service of Adimpression focuses on catering &nbsp;to our grand users. Adimpression does so,
            with advertisements, only when relevant, and in most occassions, when needed. Even the real social network
            "Down Town" adheres to this principle. &nbsp;Ideally, you would see many services offered at Down Town are
            most relevant. A service becomes an advertisement, if it is served when not relevant. An advertisement
            becomes a service, when provided at the exact time. Adimpression provides you with relevant services, just
            at that right time.
        </p></li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li>Storage of Information
    <ul>
        <li><p>Your data is located at The Rackspace Cloud (http://www.rackspacecloud.com/). How big is Rackspace?
            "Rackspace's platform is 60% larger than Google's." —Erik Suppiger, Signal Hill Analyst, Dow Jones Newswires
        </p></li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li>Contact details
    <ul>
        <li><p><span style="color: #000000;">We hate crammed up lego box offices. We also hate to poop where we eat - in other words, that, would be, poluting the environment. Our office is located in a serene location of Sri Lanka, a beutiful Island in the indian ocean. You can come visit us there, but we've got nothing much to show of our own, except the heavenly scenery! Our office here, is only for the basic official and legal needs. Most of our employees work from home, adviced to take long vacations and are asked to be constantly happy(or else our products would fail in their core principles, wouldn't they?).
<br/>

<br/>
If you're going to pay us a visit, just let us know before hand. As we are still a startup, there's only so much we can be hospitable. So please bring your money with you :) And lets party!</span>
        </p></li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li>Commitment to Protecting Privacy
    <ul>
        <li><p>Adimpression is well committed to protecting your privacy. If Adimpression had a head, your privacy would
            always be lingering on the back of it. That is also why this privacy policy is more vivid and descriptive
            than other privacy policies. It attempts to explain things so that you can actually understand the legal
            yada yada.
            <br/>

            <br/>
            This Privacy Policy is intended to describe how your personal information is processed and used ny
            iLikePlaces.com. By using iLikePlaces.com you accept these policies described.
        </p></li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li>Who the website is for and usage disclaimer
    <ul>
        <li><p>This website is for social network users. By using it you assume the risk of both online and real life
            socializing for which iLikePlaces.com shall not be responsible.
        </p></li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li>Application of Privacy Policy
    <ul>
        <li>This policy is only for information collected through iLikePlaces.com website through the internet.
            <br/>


        </li>

    </ul>
</li>
<li>Security Measures To Gurantee Protection Of Information
    <ul>
        <li>Keeping Abreast With Information Protection Practices
            <ul>
                <li>iLIkePlaces.com keeps in its best interests the latest information protection practices.

                </li>

            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Internal Access
            <ul>
                <li><p>iLikePlaces.com limits employee access to your information stored at iLikePlaces.com and only
                    highly authorized persons can do so, but this is rare too.
                </p></li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Sharing Information with Outside Parties
            <ul>
                <li>iLikePlaces.com will not share information with outside parties without your consent.

                </li>

            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Gurantee of Information Safety
            <ul>
                <li><p>iLIkePlaces.com adheres to standard information protection practices. iLikePlaces.com cannot
                    guarantee that this protects ALL your information stored at iLikePlaces.com from unlawful access
                    including errors occurred.
                </p></li>
            </ul>
        </li>

    </ul>
</li>
<li>3rd Party Sites
    <ul>
        <li><p>iLikePlaces.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of 3rd party sites connected or related to
            iLikePlaces.com. iLikePlaces.com encourages that you read the privacy policy of these respective 3rd party
            sites before any interaction with or in relation to them.
        </p></li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li><span id="show1_1" class="foldclosed" onclick="show_folder('1_1')" style="visibility: hidden; position: absolute; ">+</span>
    <span id="hide1_1" class="foldopened" onclick="hide_folder('1_1')"
          style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">-</span>
    Reservation of Right to Change
    <ul id="fold1_1" style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">
        <li><p>Adimpression reserves the right, at its discretion, to chane this policy at any time. If Adimpression
            changes this privacy policy it will post the updated version of that policy here. Your continued use of this
            site means that you accept the changes.
        </p></li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li><span id="show1_2" class="foldclosed" onclick="show_folder('1_2')" style="visibility: hidden; position: absolute; ">+</span>
    <span id="hide1_2" class="foldopened" onclick="hide_folder('1_2')"
          style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">-</span>
    Notice of New Services and Changes
    <ul id="fold1_2" style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">
        <li><p>iLikePlaces.com holds the right to change this document from time to time and you are advice to
            periodically check it for changes.
        </p></li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li><span id="show1_3" class="foldclosed" onclick="show_folder('1_3')" style="visibility: hidden; position: absolute; ">+</span>
    <span id="hide1_3" class="foldopened" onclick="hide_folder('1_3')"
          style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">-</span>
    Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
    <ul id="fold1_3" style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">
        <li>iLikePlaces.com may have to disclose your information when legally compelled, by law.

        </li>

    </ul>
</li>
<li><span id="show1_4" class="foldclosed" onclick="show_folder('1_4')" style="visibility: hidden; position: absolute; ">+</span>
    <span id="hide1_4" class="foldopened" onclick="hide_folder('1_4')"
          style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">-</span>
    Session Maintainance, Brower Cache and Local Data
    <ul id="fold1_4" style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">
        <li><span id="show1_4_1" class="foldclosed" onclick="show_folder('1_4_1')"
                  style="visibility: hidden; position: absolute; ">+</span> <span id="hide1_4_1" class="foldopened"
                                                                                  onclick="hide_folder('1_4_1')"
                                                                                  style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">-</span>
            About Cookies
            <ul id="fold1_4_1" style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">
                <li><p>Cookies(not the delicious type) are an internet standard of maintaining state of users with the
                    help of their browsers.
                </p>

                    <p>You can find a easy-to-understand description of cookies here
                        http://www.howstuffworks.com/cookie.htm
                    </p>

                    <p>iLikePlaces.com uses cookies to track you for operations ONLY WITHIN iLikePlaces.com.
                    </p>

                    <p>More precise explanation of cookies(not the delicious type) can be found at
                        http://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc2964/
                    </p></li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li><span id="show1_4_2" class="foldclosed" onclick="show_folder('1_4_2')"
                  style="visibility: hidden; position: absolute; ">+</span> <span id="hide1_4_2" class="foldopened"
                                                                                  onclick="hide_folder('1_4_2')"
                                                                                  style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">-</span>
            Browser Cache
            <ul id="fold1_4_2" style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">
                <li><p>Browser Cache is a temporary data storage maintained by browsers.
                </p>

                    <p>Browser Cache can usually be disabled, and is a sole browser feature, and iLikePlaces.com has
                        nothing to do with this.
                    </p>

                    <p>iLikePlaces.com data can be cached on your browser's cache depnding on your browsers settings and
                        support.
                    </p>

                    <p>iLikePlaces.com does not require that the browser you use has a cache facility.
                    </p>

                    <p>iLikePlaces.com bears no responsibility over the data your browser caches.
                    </p></li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li><span id="show1_4_3" class="foldclosed" onclick="show_folder('1_4_3')"
                  style="visibility: hidden; position: absolute; ">+</span> <span id="hide1_4_3" class="foldopened"
                                                                                  onclick="hide_folder('1_4_3')"
                                                                                  style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">-</span>
            Your own PC
            <ul id="fold1_4_3" style="position: relative; visibility: visible; ">
                <li><p>A computer might contain various hardware and software.
                </p>

                    <p>Among these are display devices, input devices and storage devices.
                    </p>

                    <p>Unless used by a browser, iLikePlaces.com does NOT interact with your storage.
                    </p>

                    <p>In other words, iLikePlaces.com has no access to, and will not access, your data on your computer
                        except cookies, without your conscent.
                    </p></li>
            </ul>
        </li>

    </ul>
</li>
</ul>


</body>
</html>