<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Terms Of Services</title>
</head>
<body>
<hr/>

<div>
    <h1 class="intensity_1 bold big">Terms Of Services</h1>

    <p class="intensity_2">
        You should be of age above 18 to use iLikePlaces.com.
    </p>

    <p class="intensity_2">
        You should not spam iLikePlaces.com and shall be legally prosecuted in such an event.
    </p>

    <p class="intensity_2">
        iLikePlaces.com does not guarantee the authenticity, accuracy and legality of data made available on it by user
        activity. The information we provide, might be erroneous and we encourage you to verify them before you make
        critical decisions based on them. While it is impossible to incorporate legal support for such occurrences, your
        information will be made available through average login to legal entities requiring such. We permit you to
        disclose
        your password to any legal entity holding your power of attorney. If any legal inquiry requiring shared
        information(between users) is made, it will have to be done with the legal consent of all information sharing
        parties involved. We will not provide you with information with regard to shared information, of the parties
        involved in shared content, and will reject any inquiries made without the consent of all involving parties on
        the
        basis of legal binding with the parties not providing consent.
    </p>

    <p class="intensity_2">
        The technology behind iLikePlaces.com is very sophisticated and can ensure your protection of Photos and Wall
        Entries. But we do not guarantee this nevertheless. However, we encourage you to keep archived, all emails of
        Albums
        Walls etc. we send because, ideally, they would contain all information you dealt with at iLikePlaces.com. For
        example, any album uploads can be email with a few clicks. Wall entries are emailed.
    </p>

    <p class="intensity_2">
        You should never, under any circumstance, use iLikePlaces.com to store critical information, such as and not
        limited
        to, military, medical, terrorism, illegal sexual, racist and other illegal discrimination.
    </p>

    <p class="intensity_2">
        LOCATION SPECIFIC DATA stored and made available under iLikePlaces.com comes with no legal binding and would be
        limited to that of information a Post Office would have or collect. We sternly mention that, under the ordinary
        Post
        Office norms, your address is quite guessable, public and reachable. Any locations other than them of
        aforementioned
        criterion, should NOT be stored or pursued willfully on iLikePlaces.com by you. We sternly comply to that we and
        the
        users of iLikePlaces.com would be interested in "where things are" and not "where OTHERS are" "right now", hence
        waiving the legal binding entailed due to sharing your immediate location information, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF
        GATHERING YOUR LOCATION RIGHT NOW TO SERVE INFORMATION ONLY TO YOU. We would like to remind you that your social
        presence revealing your current location information may lead to rape, robbery and the like. This is why we
        refrain
        from sharing your immediate location information even with your friends.
    </p>

    <p class="intensity_2">
        This document only focuses on your DIRECT information and engagement with iLikePlaces.com. Any 3rd parties
        rendered
        involved by you or iLikePlaces.com will be binding you or iLikePlaces.com with the 3rd party, separately. Hence,
        iLikePlaces.com shall not be made bound by legalities, under any circumstance, directly relating you and
        iLikePlaces.com or you and the 3rd party, with regard to a 3rd party involvement, unless otherwise properly
        enforced
        by law.
    </p>

    <p class="intensity_2">
        As iLikePlaces.com is a innovative service we offer mostly free of charge, by using iLikePlaces.com you agree
        not to
        legally bind us with anything with regard to your or anybody's interaction with iLikePlaces.com.
    </p>

    <p class="intensity_2">
        This document claims to be addressed to the general public, not just lawyers, and so the norms, conventions, and
        standards of ordinary people are what the text must be judged by - not the stricter, but slippery language that
        is
        legally correct.
    </p>
</div>

<hr/>

</body>
</html>