<!--
~ @License(content = "This code is licensed under GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3")
-->        <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns:itsnat="http://itsnat.org/itsnat" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>WOEIDGrabber</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="span-14 last" itsnat:nocache="true" xmlns:itsnat="http://itsnat.org/itsnat">
            <script type="text/javascript">

focusLat = 0;
focusLng = 0;
zoomLevel = 0;
hintedZoomLevel = 17;

function initialize_WOEIDGrabber_map(){

    myLatlng = new google.maps.LatLng(focusLat,focusLng);

    var myOptions = {
        zoom: zoomLevel,
        center: myLatlng,
        mapTypeId: google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP
    };
    map = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById("WOEIDGrabber_map"), myOptions);

    placeMarker = new google.maps.Marker({
        position: myLatlng,
        map: map,
        icon:"http://chart.apis.google.com/chart?chst=d_simple_text_icon_below&chld=point%20this%20marker|14|000|glyphish_map-marker|16|bb77ee|892e40"
    });

    infowindow = new google.maps.InfoWindow({
        content: 'This should finally point to your intended location.<br/> Zoom in on the exact place, click on the marker to confirm! <br/> Zoom to street level!'
    });

    infowindow.open(map,placeMarker);
    geocoder = new google.maps.Geocoder();

    geocodetoinfowindow = function(){
        if(map.getZoom() > 13){
            infowindow.setContent("Tracking you...");
            geocoder.geocode(
            {
                location:map.getCenter()
            },
            function(geocoderResult,geocoderStatus){
                if(geocoderStatus == google.maps.GeocoderStatus.OK){
                    infowindow.setContent("Vicinity.. "+geocoderResult[0].address_components[0].long_name+", " +
                        geocoderResult[geocoderResult.length-1].address_components[geocoderResult[geocoderResult.length-1].address_components.length-1].long_name);
                }else{
                    infowindow.setContent("Can't track you. Hope you know where the hell you are!");
                }
            }
            );
        }
    };

    google.maps.event.addListener(placeMarker, 'click', function() {
        if(map.getZoom() > 10 ){
            if(18 > map.getZoom()){
                if(!confirm("Not yet in street level. " + (18 - map.getZoom()) + " more levels to go. Ingore and continue?")){
                    return;
                }
            }

            if(confirm("Here? Sure? Latitude,Longitude Value:" + map.getCenter().toString())){
                infowindow.setContent("That's the place you selected!");
                infowindow.setPosition(placeMarker.getPosition());
                WOEIDGrabberWOEIDUpdate(map.getCenter().lat(), map.getCenter().lng()).focus();
            }
        }else{
            alert("Zoom to Street Level! "+ (18-(map.getZoom())) + " levels more to go...");
        }
    });

    google.maps.event.addListener(map, 'center_changed', function() {
        placeMarker.setPosition(map.getCenter());
    });

    google.maps.event.addListener(map, 'zoom_changed', function() {
        infowindow.setContent("Zoom to Street Level! "+ (18-(map.getZoom())) + " levels more to go...");
        infowindow.setPosition(placeMarker.getPosition());

        geocodetoinfowindow();

    });

    google.maps.event.addListener(map, 'dragstart', function() {
        infowindow.setContent("Point the marker to the EXACT place.<br/>Click on the marker to confirm!");
        infowindow.setPosition(placeMarker.getPosition());
    });

    google.maps.event.addListener(map, 'dragend', function() {
        geocodetoinfowindow();
    });

}


function initialize_gmap_scripts(){
    document.getElementById("WOEIDGrabber_load_click").style.display = "none";
    document.getElementById("WOEIDGrabber_map_wrapper").style.display = "block";
    var scripts = document.createElement("script");
    scripts.type = "text/javascript";
    scripts.src = "http://maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false&callback=initialize_WOEIDGrabber_map";
    document.body.appendChild(scripts);
    alert("hold on to ur seat tight! we're gonna spin the Earth to find your place!;)");
}

            </script>

            <div class="span-14 last">
                <input type="text" id="WOEIDGrabberWOEID" value="0,0"/>
            </div>
            <div class="span-14 cursor_link last" style="overflow:hidden;" onclick="javascript:initialize_gmap_scripts();">
                <div class="span-4 prepend-5 append-5 last center">
                    <a href="#" class="btn" id="WOEIDGrabber_load_click">Click here to find your place!</a>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="span-14 last" style="overflow:hidden;display:none;" id="WOEIDGrabber_map_wrapper">
                <div id="WOEIDGrabber_map" class="vtip" title="<i>Double-click to Zoom<br/>Links open in new tabs</i>"
                     style="height:410px;">
                </div>
            </div>
            <hr class="blank"/>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
